
# Notes/thoughts on assembling v0.9.2 boards
It's definitely more time consuming/finnicky than i'd like. Building a jig to help hold/flip over would be nice, and figuring out optimal order is important too.

### Especially tricky parts:
- Soldering in SMD H11L1 optocoupler OVER the MIDI DIN jack
    - Maybe get it placed during PCBA?
    - Also, the 'dot' on DIP package matches with the "notch" on the board silkscreen. Maybe add a dot too!
- Soldering in the TRS connectors on bottom of board, hard to fit the iron in between each connector as you go (but not impossible)
    - Also pads are really close to joystick pins (i think this is gonna be changed in v0.9.3)

- Attaching screen is stressing me out, it works as-is but if the OLED breakout boards you're able to source don't have the same screw layout/dimensions then it'll throw everything off.
    -  Another 4 pin JST cable would help, so the screens don't need to align w/ the PCB holes and could be screwed to the case?
    - or to multiple screw points on board? 
    - or 3D printed bracket that adapts from board holes-->OLED breakout holes
    - **Important OLED tip:** Screw the two brass standoffs onto the main board first, ***before attaching battery case***, so you can do two! Then attach the OLED to the sturdy standoffs.
- Clearance of screw head/joystick pins is really tight next to the new 12v switch, but it sits a little off the PCB so it's not too bad
- You need a screw with a smaller head to fit the battery case chamfered screw hole, so it sits flush! The shaft is the right diameter though.
- SHORT PIN of LED is ground! You can test w/ a battery

### Good order of assembly:
- Pico, Buttons, SN74HC595N, diodes, optocoupler, power switch, encoders, joystick, big switch, IDC, JST, LED, reset button, debug pins, screw in screen mounts, battery case, DIN jacks, TRS jacks, OLED

### Graphics:
- QR codes are too small, but the CC one on the bottom just barely works! CC license text is too small too. They look great though.
- Copyright symbol is too small

### Display thoughts:

This display is buzzy, and it really bothers me. If the issue is fixed by the tantalum caps (need to check this to make sure) then sourcing the displays is gonna be really hard.
- Make your own? The boards are p simple.
- Test noise by giving the OLED 5v, and then 9v?

Somebody talking about doing this:
https://www.eevblog.com/forum/beginners/ssd1309-oled-display-custom-i2c-board/

Project doing exactly what I want to do (!):
https://hackaday.io/project/173753-oled-breakout-board-with-dc-dc-step-up/details

SSD1309 Datasheet: https://www.hpinfotech.ro/SSD1309.pdf
